[THORN-2116] Adding the additional resources info (#1148)
thorntail/thorntail: docs/modules/ref_additional-resources.adoc

[id='additional-resources_{context}']
= Additional resources

> Please follow the links below to find out more about Thorntail and the Microservices Architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the links below for information about Thorntail and the Microservices Architecture:
```

[discrete]
== Thorntail

> * thorntail.io[Homepage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Homepage: https://thorntail.io[thorntail.io]
```

> * https://thorntail.io/archive/[Blog]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Blog: https://thorntail.io/archive/[thorntail.io/archive]
```

[discrete]
== Microservices

> * http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033158.do[Sam Newman, "Building Microservices"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Book: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033158.do[Sam Newman, "Building Microservices"]
```

> * https://www.manning.com/books/enterprise-java-microservices[Ken Finnigan, "Enterprise Java Microservices"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Book: https://www.manning.com/books/enterprise-java-microservices[Ken Finnigan, "Enterprise Java Microservices"]
```

> * https://www.thoughtworks.com/de/insights/blog/microservices-nutshell[Martin Fowler, "Microservices in a Nutshell"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Blog: https://www.thoughtworks.com/de/insights/blog/microservices-nutshell[Martin Fowler, "Microservices in a Nutshell"]
```
